app/Blueprint/Webserver/README.md, before:

## WebserverBlueprint

This blueprint creates infrastructures to support apps using php7.

### Typical Infrastructure

![typical infrastructure](typical-infrastructure.jpg)

![typical main app](typical-app-service.jpg)


### Recognized Configuration Values


#### Docker options
| Option | Defaults to | Explanation |
| ------- |:-----------:| ------------ |
|`docker.base-image`| REQUIRED | Docker-Image to base the created app-image on. |
|`service-name`| REQUIRED | The name of the created main service, will have the version appended to it in rancher |
|`use-app-contianer`| true | If set to false no service will be created to mount the app using a docker image |
|`mount-workdir`| false | If set to true then the project root will be mounted into the main app nginx. !Does not work when deploying into rancher! |
|`external_links` | [] | Any property set in this object will be added as external link using the name of the property. e.g. `"host": "stackname/servicename"` will make any network traffic to `host` go to a container from `stackname/servicename` |


#### Usage options
| Option | Defaults to | Explanation |
| ------- |:-----------:| ------------ |
|`sync-user-into-container`| false  | If set rancherize will set USER_ID and GROUP_ID of the container to your current uid/gid. Default images react to this by creating a user with it and running under this user. |
|`debug-image`| false  | Use the debug version of the default build instead - !overwrites docker.image if set to true! |
|`nginx-config`|  | If set to the path of a file relative to the app work directory then the file will be used by the main app nginx. This file gets included, so you have to configure only the `server` configuration for nginx. |
|`environment` | [] | Any property set in this object will be passed to the running container as shell environment variable `PROPERTNAME=PROPERTYVALUE`. Note that environment values set in the `defaults` can be overwritten but not un-set |
|`expose-port`|  | if set then the Port 80 of the nginx container will be exposed to this host port |
|`add-version`|  | The value given here will be used as name for an environment variable which is set to the version that is being built. |
|`work-sub-directory` | '' | Appended to `.` / `getcwd()` as source directory for mounting / copying to the image |
|`target-sub-directory` | '' | Appended to `/var/www/app` as target directory for mounting / copying to the image |
|`extra-files` | [] | A list of pathes relative to the project root. All files will be added to /opt/custom/ |

#### Additional services

| Option | Defaults to | Explanation |
| ------- |:-----------:| ------------ |
|`php`| `7.0` | Add php fpm to the nginx. The default version `7.0` does not start an extra service. Other fpm versions are run in their own container and will be a sidekick inside the nginx service. Available Versions: `7.0`, `5.3` |
|`queues`| [] | Add Laravel Queue Worker, providing their name and connection in `name` and `connection` |
|`add-redis`| false | Add a Redis server and link it to the main app, providing its name and port in `REDIS_HOST` and `REDIS_PORT` |
|`add-database`| false | If set to true then a database server will be started as part of the stack and linked to the main app. Database name, user and password can be found in `DATABASE_NAME`, `DATABASE_USER` and `DATABASE_PORT` |
|`database.name`| db | Sets the name of the default database created by the database container |
|`database.user`| user | Sets the name of the default user created by the database container |
|`database.password`| pw | Sets the default password created by the database container |
|`database.pma` OR `database.pma.enable`| true | !Only effective if add-database is true! If set to true then a phpmyadmin container is started and connected to the database container |
|`database.pma.require-login`| false | !Only effective if database.pma is true! `true` requires login to pma. `false` logs pma into the database with the database user and password.|
|`database.pma-expose` OR `database.pma.expose`| true | Can be set to false to prevent exposing the internal pma port 80 to a host port. |
|`database.pma-port` OR `database.pma.port`| 8082 | Host port to expose the pma container port 80 to. |

Commit message:

added volumes for Services and persistant storage to WebserverBlueprint

app/Blueprint/Webserver/README.md, after:

## WebserverBlueprint

This blueprint creates infrastructures to support apps using php7.

### Typical Infrastructure

![typical infrastructure](typical-infrastructure.jpg)

![typical main app](typical-app-service.jpg)


### Recognized Configuration Values


#### Docker options
| Option | Defaults to | Explanation |
| ------- |:-----------:| ------------ |
|`docker.base-image`| REQUIRED | Docker-Image to base the created app-image on. |
|`service-name`| REQUIRED | The name of the created main service, will have the version appended to it in rancher |
|`use-app-contianer`| true | If set to false no service will be created to mount the app using a docker image |
|`mount-workdir`| false | If set to true then the project root will be mounted into the main app nginx. !Does not work when deploying into rancher! |
|`external_links` | [] | Any property set in this object will be added as external link using the name of the property. e.g. `"host": "stackname/servicename"` will make any network traffic to `host` go to a container from `stackname/servicename` |
|`docker.persistent-driver`| pxd | Driver to use for volumes given as `persistent-volumes` |
|`persitent-volumes`| [] | "volumeName": "/internal/path" for named volumes to be used with `docker.persistent-driver` as storage driver |


#### Usage options
| Option | Defaults to | Explanation |
| ------- |:-----------:| ------------ |
|`sync-user-into-container`| false  | If set rancherize will set USER_ID and GROUP_ID of the container to your current uid/gid. Default images react to this by creating a user with it and running under this user. |
|`debug-image`| false  | Use the debug version of the default build instead - !overwrites docker.image if set to true! |
|`nginx-config`|  | If set to the path of a file relative to the app work directory then the file will be used by the main app nginx. This file gets included, so you have to configure only the `server` configuration for nginx. |
|`environment` | [] | Any property set in this object will be passed to the running container as shell environment variable `PROPERTNAME=PROPERTYVALUE`. Note that environment values set in the `defaults` can be overwritten but not un-set |
|`expose-port`|  | if set then the Port 80 of the nginx container will be exposed to this host port |
|`add-version`|  | The value given here will be used as name for an environment variable which is set to the version that is being built. |
|`work-sub-directory` | '' | Appended to `.` / `getcwd()` as source directory for mounting / copying to the image |
|`target-sub-directory` | '' | Appended to `/var/www/app` as target directory for mounting / copying to the image |
|`extra-files` | [] | A list of pathes relative to the project root. All files will be added to /opt/custom/ |

#### Additional services

| Option | Defaults to | Explanation |
| ------- |:-----------:| ------------ |
|`php`| `7.0` | Add php fpm to the nginx. The default version `7.0` does not start an extra service. Other fpm versions are run in their own container and will be a sidekick inside the nginx service. Available Versions: `7.0`, `5.3` |
|`queues`| [] | Add Laravel Queue Worker, providing their name and connection in `name` and `connection` |
|`add-redis`| false | Add a Redis server and link it to the main app, providing its name and port in `REDIS_HOST` and `REDIS_PORT` |
|`add-database`| false | If set to true then a database server will be started as part of the stack and linked to the main app. Database name, user and password can be found in `DATABASE_NAME`, `DATABASE_USER` and `DATABASE_PORT` |
|`database.name`| db | Sets the name of the default database created by the database container |
|`database.user`| user | Sets the name of the default user created by the database container |
|`database.password`| pw | Sets the default password created by the database container |
|`database.pma` OR `database.pma.enable`| true | !Only effective if add-database is true! If set to true then a phpmyadmin container is started and connected to the database container |
|`database.pma.require-login`| false | !Only effective if database.pma is true! `true` requires login to pma. `false` logs pma into the database with the database user and password.|
|`database.pma-expose` OR `database.pma.expose`| true | Can be set to false to prevent exposing the internal pma port 80 to a host port. |
|`database.pma-port` OR `database.pma.port`| 8082 | Host port to expose the pma container port 80 to. |
